add simple string splitter processor (#304)
fkie-cad/Logprep: CHANGELOG.md

* Provide the possibility to consume lists, rules and configuration from files and http endpoints
* Add `requester` processor that enriches by making http requests with field values
* Add `calculator` processor to calculate with or without field values

> * Add `string_splitter` processor to split strings with variant length to lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `string_splitter` processor to split strings of variable length into lists
```
